Updated README, documentation assets, and content (#1028)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/concepts/how-liveblocks-works.mdx

Liveblocks provides a fully-hosted platform built around a
[WebSocket infrastructure](/docs/platform/websocket-infrastructure) that scales

> effortlessly to millions of users. With the platform, you get a lot of powerful
> tools such as [REST API](/docs/api-reference/rest-api-endpoints),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
effortlessly to millions of users. The platform, equips you with a set of 
powerful tools such as our [REST API](/docs/api-reference/rest-api-endpoints),
```
